doc: update oopsyraidsy guide (#2394)
quisquous/cactbot: docs/OopsyraidsyGuide.md

    'UCU Doom': 'D2',
    // ...
  },
  gainsEffectFail: {
    'UCU Doom': 'D2',
    // ...
  },
  shareWarn: {
    'UCU Megaflare': '26DB',
    // ...
  },
  shareFail: {
    'UCU Megaflare': '26DB',
    // ...
  },
  triggers: [
    { /* ..trigger 1.. */ },
    { /* ..trigger 2.. */ },
    { /* ..trigger 3.. */ },
  ]
};
```

### Trigger Set Properties

**zoneId**:
A shortened name for the zone to use these triggers in.
The set of id names can be found in [zone_id.js](../resources/zone_id.js).
Prefer using this over zoneRegex.
A trigger set must have one of zoneId or zoneRegex to specify the zone
(but not both).

**zoneRegex**:
A regular expression that matches against the zone name (coming from ACT).
If the regular expression matches, then the triggers will apply to that zone.

**damageWarn** and **damageFail**:
An object contains properties like `'trigger id': 'damage action id'`,
which provides an easy way to apply triggers via damage action id (in hex).
When a player was hit by these action,
a message (default to action name) would be shown.

**damageWarn** shows the message as `warn`,
and **damageFail** shows it as `fail`.

**gainsEffectWarn** and **gainsEffectFail**:

> Just like **damageWarn** and **damageFail**, but triggered when hitted by effect (id in hex).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like **damageWarn** and **damageFail**, but triggered when hit by an effect (id in hex).
```
